how's my man Oh what they play huh
I really hope you're happy there
don't mess with you I'm working on
something to bring you back
they've never managed connect to
computers of the archive
I waited a long time and then I saw
something
[Music]
we had a visit from the archive company
the subject is Elmo Julie us 10 times so
far two years eight months four days
she's not ready to go yet of course they
think your robots might be based around
their technology we are obliged to act
with force if necessary
you made another like me I'm not
replacing it but you did
tonight perfect I want to go this is
home
Jules can you hear me
do not let her outside under any
circumstances
have to try get her back I am shutting
you down in a jiffy do they want
I want you
you